Update README.md   [docs] Improve awkward wording in README's of example projects #36999 (#37110)
mui/material-ui: examples/material-preact/README.md

## The idea behind the example

> The project uses Material UI with [Preact](https://github.com/developit/preact),Which is lightweight 3kb alternative of React with the same modern API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses Material UI with [Preact](https://github.com/developit/preact), which is lightweight (3 kb) alternative to React with the same modern API.
```

> The project uses Material UI with [Preact](https://github.com/developit/preact), which is lightweight (3 kb) alternative to React with the same modern API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses Material UI with [Preact](https://github.com/developit/preact), which is a lightweight (3 kb) alternative to React with the same modern API.
```
